c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.dll.config
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.pdb
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\CoderCamps-SPA.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\CoderCamps-SPA.pdb
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
c:\users\lauren\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User2.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User3.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User4.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.WithPic.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.profile.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees2.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Cart.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Cart1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.ItemCount.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.sc.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.sc1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate2.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.score.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.score1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.emailconf.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.emailconf1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.claims.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Claim.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.friends.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.friends1.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.handicapAdj.resources
C:\Users\Lauren\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.profileId.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.dll.config
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\CoderCamps-SPA.pdb
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGrid.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\SendGridMail.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User2.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User3.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.User4.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.WithPic.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.profile.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.newTees2.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Cart.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Cart1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.ItemCount.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.sc.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.sc1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.scoreDate2.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.score.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.score1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.emailconf.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.emailconf1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.claims.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.Claim.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.friends.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.friends1.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.handicapAdj.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.Migrations.profileId.resources
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\Golf_Website.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\CoderCamps-SPA.dll
E:\Projects\Golf_Website\Golf_Website\obj\Debug\CoderCamps-SPA.pdb
